README.md, before:

# xcbuddy 🚀

**The missing CLI for Xcode. Build, test, and manage iOS simulators with zero pain.**

`xcbuddy` is a lightweight, high-performance Swift CLI wrapper for `xcodebuild`, `xcrun simctl`, and other iOS development tools. It eliminates the verbosity of raw Xcode commands through intelligent auto-detection, fuzzy matching, and sensible defaults.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Auto-Detection**: Automatically finds `.xcworkspace`, `.xcodeproj`, or `Package.swift`.
- **Fuzzy Simulator Matching**: Use `xcbuddy run -d "16 Pro"` instead of long destination strings.
- **Smart Launching**: Automatically boots simulators and opens the Simulator app before launching your app.
- **Clean with Power**: `xcbuddy clean --deep` wipes the specific DerivedData folder for your project.
- **Real-time Logs**: `xcbuddy logs` streams simulator console output directly to your terminal.
- **Beautified Output**: Integrated support for `xcbeautify` for readable build logs.

## 🛠 Installation

### From Source
```bash
git clone https://github.com/MainActorDev/xcbuddy.git
cd xcbuddy
swift build -c release
cp .build/release/xcbuddy ~/.local/bin/xcbuddy
```

*Ensure `~/.local/bin` is in your `$PATH`.*

## 🚀 Usage

### Build & Run
```bash
# Build the project in the current directory
xcbuddy build

# Build and run on a specific simulator (fuzzy matched)
xcbuddy run -d "16 Pro"

# Build and run on the currently booted simulator
xcbuddy run
```

### Testing
```bash
# Run all tests
xcbuddy test

# Run a specific test class
xcbuddy test --only "MyTests/LoginTests"
```

### Simulator Management
```bash
# List available simulators in a clean format
xcbuddy sim list

# Boot a simulator by name
xcbuddy sim boot "iPhone 15"
```

### Logging
```bash
# Stream all logs from the booted simulator
xcbuddy logs

# Stream logs filtered by process name
xcbuddy logs -p "MyAwesomeApp"
```

### Project Management
```bash
# Clean the project
xcbuddy clean

# Deep clean (delete specific DerivedData folder)
xcbuddy clean --deep

# Create a new Swift project
xcbuddy create MyNewProject --type executable
```

## 📄 License
MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

feat: Add automated install script

README.md, after:

# xcbuddy 🚀

**The missing CLI for Xcode. Build, test, and manage iOS simulators with zero pain.**

`xcbuddy` is a lightweight, high-performance Swift CLI wrapper for `xcodebuild`, `xcrun simctl`, and other iOS development tools. It eliminates the verbosity of raw Xcode commands through intelligent auto-detection, fuzzy matching, and sensible defaults.

## ✨ Key Features

- **Auto-Detection**: Automatically finds `.xcworkspace`, `.xcodeproj`, or `Package.swift`.
- **Fuzzy Simulator Matching**: Use `xcbuddy run -d "16 Pro"` instead of long destination strings.
- **Smart Launching**: Automatically boots simulators and opens the Simulator app before launching your app.
- **Clean with Power**: `xcbuddy clean --deep` wipes the specific DerivedData folder for your project.
- **Real-time Logs**: `xcbuddy logs` streams simulator console output directly to your terminal.
- **Beautified Output**: Integrated support for `xcbeautify` for readable build logs.

## 🛠 Installation

### From Source
```bash
git clone https://github.com/MainActorDev/xcbuddy.git
cd xcbuddy
chmod +x install.sh
./install.sh
```

*The script will automatically compile xcbuddy, move it to `~/.local/bin`, and verify your `$PATH`.*

## 🚀 Usage

### Build & Run
```bash
# Build the project in the current directory
xcbuddy build

# Build and run on a specific simulator (fuzzy matched)
xcbuddy run -d "16 Pro"

# Build and run on the currently booted simulator
xcbuddy run
```

### Testing
```bash
# Run all tests
xcbuddy test

# Run a specific test class
xcbuddy test --only "MyTests/LoginTests"
```

### Simulator Management
```bash
# List available simulators in a clean format
xcbuddy sim list

# Boot a simulator by name
xcbuddy sim boot "iPhone 15"
```

### Logging
```bash
# Stream all logs from the booted simulator
xcbuddy logs

# Stream logs filtered by process name
xcbuddy logs -p "MyAwesomeApp"
```

### Project Management
```bash
# Clean the project
xcbuddy clean

# Deep clean (delete specific DerivedData folder)
xcbuddy clean --deep

# Create a new Swift project
xcbuddy create MyNewProject --type executable
```

## 📄 License
MIT License. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for details.
